hello to all viewers of the channel in little
star goals and today I will tell you and
I will show you how I straightened my hair
fucking matte from college seems to me so
will be more beautiful not to get burned but
remove all the earrings and remove a little
like this can just undress
heat hot boiling water
arranged for comfortable in this case and
arranged more comfortable our soul
set up water for hot and pour
her head
I think it’s enough now just
I wash hair
Well .
now just put it and it's night now
Tomorrow we will check what hair she will have
so morning here 's a fair result for you
soothing hairs are much better there
not a little never a little first time
washed hair doll
but as you can see they have changed a little but
for the better but they are not strong and
straightened up I don't know how they really
as if straighten but if something
if you like, subscribe to
channel put your fingers up and write your
comments below
to new meetings